link|autor
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/2|Neide Lopes Patarra
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/3|Donald R. Saywer
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/4|Elza Berquó
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/4|Maria Andréa Loyola
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/5|George Martine
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/5|Liscio Camargo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/6|Luis Patricio Ortiz
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/6|Lucia Mayumi Yazaki
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/7|Ralph Hakkert
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/8|Candido Procopio Ferreira de Camargo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/9|IBGE DESPO
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/10|Suzana Cavenaghi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/12|Tiago Augusto da Cunha
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/12|José Marcos Pinto da Cunha
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/12|Alberto Augusto Eichman Jakob
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/13|Eduardo Marandola Jr.
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/13|Cesar Marques
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/13|Luiz Tiago de Paula
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/13|Letícia Braga Cassaneli
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/14|Everton Emanuel Campos de Lima
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/14|Fernando Gomes Braga
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/15|Fausto Brito
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/16|Ricardo Alexandrino Garcia
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/17|José Manuel Morán Faúndes
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/20|Adriana de Miranda-Ribeiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/20|Eduardo Luiz Gonçalves Rios-Neto
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/20|José Alberto Magno de Carvalho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/21|Maria Carolina Tomás
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/22|Gustavo Henrique Naves Givisiez
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/22|Elzira Lúcia de Oliveira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/23|João Batista Pamplona
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/24|Aline Nogueira Menezes Mourão
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/24|Mariana Eugenio Almeida
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/24|Ernesto Friedrich de Lima Amaral
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/25|James R. Hull
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/25|Gilvan Guedes
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/26|Pedro Herculano Guimarães Ferreira de Souza
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/27|João Carlos Tedesco
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/27|Denize Grzybovski
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/28|Susana Beatriz Adamo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/29|Lúcia Avelar
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/30|Iuri da Costa Leite
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/30|Carla Jorge Machado
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/31|Bernardo Lanza Queiroz
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/31|Diana O. T. Sawyer
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/32|Tiago Henrique P. M. França
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/32|Eduardo Luis Gonçalves Rios-Neto
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/33|Flavia Pereira Xavier
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/33|Jorge Alexandre Barbosa Neves
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/34|Letícia J. Marteleto
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/34|Flavio Carvalhaes
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/34|Celia Hubert
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/35|Marco Túlio Aniceto França
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/35|Flávio de Oliveira Gonçalves
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/36|Jeronimo Oliveira Muniz
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/37|Talianne Rodrigues Santos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/37|Windsor Ramos da Silva Júnior
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/37|Inácia Sátiro Xavier de França
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/37|Alessandro Leite Cavalcanti
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/37|Maria das Graças Melo Fernandes
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/38|Ana Cristina Ferreira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/38|Madalena Ramos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/39|Alessandra Sampaio Chacham
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/39|Mônica Bara Maia
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/39|Malco Braga Camargo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/40|Rebeca de Souza e Silva
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/40|Solange Andreoni
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/41|Harley Silva
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/41|Alisson Flávio Barbieri
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/41|Roberto L. Monte-Mór
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/42|Ralfo Matos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/43|Jeniffer Dantas Ferreira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/43|Arnaldo Cézar Couto
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/43|Luciana Correia Alves
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/43|Maria do Socorro Pombo de Oliveira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/43|Sergio Koifman
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/43|Membros do Brazilian Collaborative Study Group of Infant Acute Leukemia
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/44|Carla Jorge Machado
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/44|Mark Drew Crosland Guimarães
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/45|Fernando Machado Vilhena Dias
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/45|Ana Paula de Andrade Verona
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/45|Bárbara Avelar Gontijo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/45|Bárbara Roberto Estanislau
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/45|Cláudio Santiago Dias Júnior
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/46|Adriane Mesquita de Medeiros
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/47|Oswaldo M. S. Truzzi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/48|Ana Silvia Volpi Scott
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/49|Eduardo Marandola Jr.
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/49|Francine Modesto
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/50|Florencia Molinatti
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/50|Enrique Peláez
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/51|Grisell Rodríguez Gómez
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/52|Marília Patta Ramos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/52|Silvio Cezar Arend
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/53|Josivan Ribeiro Justino
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/53|Flávio Henrique Miranda de Araújo Freire
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/53|Paulo Sérgio Lucio
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/54|Weber Soares
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/54|Dimitri Fazito
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/54|Sergio Donizete Faria
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/55|Gilberto Veras Caldeira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/55|Giovanna Medeiros Rataichesck Fiates
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/55|Bethsáida de Abreu Soares Schmitz
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/55|Gabriela Dalsasso Ricardo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/55|Francisco de Assis Guedes de Vasconcelos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/56|Letícia Casado Costa
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/56|Luiz Claudio Santos Thuler
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/57|Ada Ávila Assunção
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/57|Ana Flávia Machado
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/57|Tânia Maria de Araújo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/58|Oswaldo Mário Serra Truzzi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/59|Siân L. Curtis
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/60|Antônio Leite Alves Radicchi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/61|Douglas Cole Libby
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/61|Tarcísio R. Botelho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/61|Cristiana Viegas de Andrade
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/62|Szilvia Simai
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/62|Rosana Baeninger
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/63|Flávia da Fonseca Feitosa
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/64|Maria Carolina Tomás
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/65|Ralfo Matos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/66|Gavin W. Jones
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/67|Pamila Cristina Lima Siviero
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/67|Cássio Maldonado Turra
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/67|Roberto do Nascimento Rodrigues
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/68|Everton Emanuel Campos de Lima
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/68|Bernardo Lanza Queiroz
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/69|María Marta Santillán Pizarro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/69|Eleonora Soledad Rojas Cabrera
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/69|Dora Estela Celton
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/69|Bruno Ribotta
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/70|Gilvan Ramalho Guedes
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/70|Pamila Cristina Lima Siviero
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/70|André Junqueira Caetano
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/70|Carla Jorge Machado
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/70|Eduardo Brondízio
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/71|Raquel Rangel de Meireles Guimarães
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/71|Eduardo Luiz Gonçalves Rios-Neto
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/72|Roberta de Moraes Rocha
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/72|André Matos Magalhães
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/73|Ricardo Ojima
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/74|Diogo de Carvalho Cabral
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/76|Pery Teixeira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/76|Marília Brasil
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/76|Eliana Mesquita da Silva
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/77|Gerson Luiz Marinho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/77|Ricardo Ventura Santos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/77|Nilza de Oliveira Martins Pereira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/78|Ernesto Friedrich de Lima Amaral
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/79|Gilvan Ramalho Guedes
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/79|Pamila Cristina Lima Siviero
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/79|Carla Jorge Machado
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/80|Thais Tartalha do Nascimento Lombardi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/81|Paula Miranda-Ribeiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/82|Luiz Antonio Pinto de Oliveira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/83|Clarissa Guimarães Rodrigues
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/83|Eduardo Luiz Gonçalves Rios-Neto
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/83|Cristine Campos de Xavier Pinto
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/84|Izabel Guimarães Marri
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/84|Simone Wajnman
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/84|Mônica Viegas Andrade
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/85|Laetícia Rodrigues de Souza
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/85|Eduardo Luiz Gonçalves Rios-Neto
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/85|Bernardo Lanza Queiroz
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/86|Carlos Lobo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/86|Ralfo Matos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/87|Marcos Leandro Mondardo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/88|Renilson Rodrigues da Silva
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/88|Carlos José Caetano Bacha
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/89|Rosa Moura
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/89|Sachiko Araki Lira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/90|Marcos Vinicius Sanches Abreu
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/90|Julio Cesar de Oliveira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/90|Viviane Delfino Albuquerque Andrade
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/90|Anderson Donizete Meira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/91|Ana Paula de Andrade Verona
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/92|Serafim Adriano Alberto
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/92|Luciana C. de Lima
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/92|Roberto Nascimento Rodrigues
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/92|Carla Jorge Machado
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/93|Mirela Castro Santos Camargos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/93|Roberto Nascimento Rodrigues
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/93|Carla Jorge Machado
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/94|Gilvan Ramalho Guedes
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/94|Bernardo Lanza Queiroz
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/94|Alisson Flávio Barbieri
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/94|Leah Karin VanWey
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/95|Maria Carolina Tomás
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/96|Eduardo Marandola Jr.
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/97|Ricardo Ojima
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/98|Álvaro de Oliveira D’Antona
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/99|Roberto Nascimento Rodrigues
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/100|Douglas Sathler
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/100|Roberto L. Monte-Mór
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/100|José Alberto Magno de Carvalho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/100|Alfredo Costa
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/101|Kenya Noronha
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/101|Lízia de Figueiredo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/101|Mônica Viegas Andrade
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/102|Fabrício Martins Mendonça
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/102|Eliane Drumond
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/102|Ana Maria Pereira Cardoso
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/103|Marília Miranda Forte Gomes
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/103|Moema Gonçalves Bueno Fígoli
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/103|Aloísio Joaquim Freitas Ribeiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/104|Aloísio Joaquim Freitas Ribeiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/104|Edna Afonso Reis
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/104|Joana Barbabela Barbosa
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/105|Juliana Mara Winther
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/105|André Braz Golgher
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/106|Marina Braga Carneiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/106|Paula Roberta Chagas
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/106|Sergio Odilon Nadalin
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/107|Ana Maria Goldani
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/108|Eduardo Marandola Jr.
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/108|Priscila Marchiori Dal Gallo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/109|Claudia Cristina de Aguiar Pereira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/109|Mari Palta
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/109|John Mullahy
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/110|Neeru Gupta
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/111|Glaucia dos Santos Marcondes
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/112|Daisy Maria Xavier de Abreu
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/112|Eliane de Freitas Drumond
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/112|Elisabeth Barboza França
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/112|Lenice Harumi Ishitami
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/112|Deborah Carvalho Malta
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/112|Carla Jorge Machado
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/113|Luana Junqueira Dias Myrrha
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/113|Pamila Cristina Lima Siviero
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/114|Eduardo Marandola Jr.
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/115|Alisson F. Barbieri
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/115|Ricardo Ojima
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/116|Kenneth Hill
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/116|Bernardo Queiroz
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/117|Gilvan Ramalho Guedes
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/117|André Junqueira Caetano
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/117|Carla Jorge Machado
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/117|Eduardo Sonewend Brondízio
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/118|Luana Paula Gentil de Brito
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/118|Suzana Cavenaghi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/118|Paulo de Martino Jannuzzi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/119|Ana Paula de Andrade Verona
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/119|Robert Hummer
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/119|Cláudio Santiago Dias Júnior
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/119|Luciana Conceição de Lima
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/120|Daisy Maria Xavier de Abreu
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/120|Emília Sakurai
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/120|Lorenza Nogueira Campos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/121|Antônio Tadeu Ribeiro de Oliveira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/122|José Marcos Pinto da Cunha
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/122|Alberto Augusto Eichman Jakob
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/123|Humberto Prates da Fonseca Alves
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/123|Claudia Durand Alves
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/123|Madalena Niero Pereira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/123|Antonio Miguel Vieira Monteiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/124|Marcelo Magalhães Godoy
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/124|Clotilde Andrade Paiva
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/125|Antonio Otaviano Vieira Junior
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/125|Daniel Souza Barroso
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/126|Luciana Conceição de Lima
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/127|Paula Miranda-Ribeiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/127|Joseph Earl Potter
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/128|Ana Amélia Camarano
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/128|Solange Kanso
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/129|Douglas Sathler
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/129|Ruibran dos Reis
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/130|Humberto Corrêa
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/131|Rosana Baeninger
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/132|Eduardo Marandola Jr.
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/132|Daniel Joseph Hogan
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/133|Nilza de Oliveira Martins Pereira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/133|José André Moura de Brito
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/133|Sonia Albieri
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/133|Antonio José Ribeiro Dias
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/133|Ricardo Ventura Santos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/134|Oswaldo Mário Serra Truzzi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/134|Maria Silvia Beozzo Bassanezi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/135|Maria Isabel Baltar da Rocha
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/135|Susana Rostagnol
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/135|María Alicia Gutiérrez
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/136|Paulo Murad Saad
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/136|Tim Miller
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/136|Ciro Martínez
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/137|Francisco de Assis Acurcio
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/137|Cristina Mariano Ruas Brandão
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/137|Augusto Afonso Guerra Júnior
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/137|Mariângela Leal Cherchiglia
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/137|Iola Gurgel Andrade
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/137|Alessandra Maciel Almeida
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/137|Grazielle Dias da Silva
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/137|Odilon Vanni de Queiroz
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/137|Daniel Resende Faleiros
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/138|Patricia Gomes Pimentel
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/138|Rosely Sichieri
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/138|Rosana Salles-Costa
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/139|Claudia Cristina de Aguiar Pereira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/140|Paula Miranda-Ribeiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/140|Luciene A. Ferreira de Barros Longo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/140|Eduardo Luiz Gonçalves Rios-Neto
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/140|Joseph Earl Potter
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/141|Paula Miranda-Ribeiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/142|Iuri da Costa Leite
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/142|Carla Jorge Machado
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/143|Eliane de Freitas Drumond
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/143|Carla Jorge Machado
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/143|Maria do Rosário Vasconcelos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/143|Elisabeth França
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/144|Adriana de Miranda-Ribeiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/144|Eduardo L. G. Rios-Neto
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/144|José Alberto Magno de Carvalho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/145|Marina Machado
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/145|Heloísa Pagliaro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/145|Roberto G. Baruzzi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/146|João Luiz Pena
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/146|Leo Heller
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/146|Cláudio Santiago Dias Júnior
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/147|Laura L. Rodríguez Wong
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/147|Maria Graciela González de Morell
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/147|Regiane Lucinda de Carvalho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/148|Leonardo H. G. Fígoli
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/148|Dimitri Fazito
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/149|Natalia Nunes Ferreira Batista
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/149|Maria Cristina Cacciamali
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/150|Maria Stella Ferreira Levy
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/151|Maria Cecília de Souza Minayo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/152|Renata Jardim
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/152|Sandhi Maria Barreto
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/152|Luana Giatti Gonçalves
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/153|André Junqueira Caetano
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/153|Carla Jorge Machado
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/154|Eduardo Marandola Jr.
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/155|Carlos Eugenio de Carvalho Ferreira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/156|Lilia Montali
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/156|Marcelo Tavares
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/157|Eugenia Troncoso Leone
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/157|Paulo Baltar
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/158|Juliana de Lucena Ruas Riani
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/158|Eduardo Luiz Gonçalves Rios-Neto
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/159|Sylvain Souchaud
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/159|Rosana Baeninger
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/160|Gabriela Adriana Sala
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/160|José Alberto Magno de Carvalho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/161|Dimitri Fazito
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/161|Eduardo Luiz Gonçalves Rios-Neto
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/162|André Junqueira Caetano
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/163|Doris Cardona
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/163|Enrique Peláez
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/163|Tirza Aidar
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/163|Bruno Ribotta
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/163|María Franci Alvarez
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/164|Vanessa dos Reis de Souza
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/164|Suzana Cavenaghi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/164|José Eustáquio Diniz Alves
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/164|Mônica de Avelar Figueiredo Mafra Magalhães
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/165|Ana Paula Franco Viegas-Pereira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/165|Roberto Nascimento Rodrigues
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/165|Carla Jorge Machado
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/166|Heloisa Pagliaro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/166|Carmen Junqueira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/166|Luciana Garrido dos Santos Mendaña
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/166|Sofia Beatriz Mendonça
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/166|Roberto Geraldo Baruzzi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/167|Maria Stella Ferreira Levy
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/168|Marcos Roberto Gonzaga
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/168|Bernardo Lanza Queiroz
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/168|Carla Jorge Machado
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/169|Eduardo Marandola Jr.
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/170|Carlos Eugenio de Carvalho Ferreira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/171|Fausto Brito
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/172|Joice Melo Vieira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/173|Maria Eponina de Abreu e Torres
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/173|Paula Miranda-Ribeiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/173|Carla Jorge Machado
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/174|Maria Luiza Andreazza
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/175|Maria Carolina Tomás
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/175|Ana Maria Hermeto C. de Oliveira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/175|Eduardo Luiz G. Rios-Neto
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/177|André Braz Golgher
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/178|Cristiano Stamm
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/178|Jefferson Andronio Ramundo Staduto
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/179|Erika Masanet Ripoll
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/180|Luiz Antonio de Castro Santos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/180|Lina Faria
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/180|Ricardo Fernandes de Menezes
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/181|Eliane de Freitas Drumond
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/181|Carla Jorge Machado
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/182|Silvana Lopes Nogueira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/182|Júnia Maria Geraldo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/182|Juliana Costa Machado
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/182|Rita de Cássia Lanes Ribeiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/183|Eduardo Marandola Jr.
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/184|Carlos Eugenio de Carvalho Ferreira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/185|George Martine
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/186|Eduardo Marandola Jr.
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/186|Daniel Joseph Hogan
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/187|Alisson Flávio Barbieri
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/188|Marcia Caldas de Castro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/188|Burton Herbert Singer
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/189|Álvaro de Oliveira D’Antona
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/189|Leah Karin VanWey
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/190|Ricardo Ojima
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/191|Humberto Prates da Fonseca Alves
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/192|Heloisa Soares de Moura Costa
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/192|Mônica Campolina Diniz Peixoto
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/193|Diego Rodrigues Macedo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/193|Antônio Pereira Magalhães Jr
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/194|Glauco José de Matos Umbelino
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/195|Paula Miranda-Ribeiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/195|Andréa Branco Simão
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/195|André Junqueira Caetano
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/195|Ignez Helena Oliva Perpétuo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/195|Marisa Alves Lacerda
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/195|Maria Eponina de Abreu e Torres
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/196|Ricardo Ojima
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/198|Carlos Eugenio de Carvalho Ferreira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/199|Sergio Odilon Nadalin
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/200|Izabel Guimarães Marri
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/200|Simone Wajnman
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/201|Mirela Castro Santos Camargos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/201|Carla Jorge Machado
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/201|Roberto do Nascimento Rodrigues
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/202|Cezar Augusto Cerqueira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/202|Diana Reiko Oya Tutya Sawyer
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/203|Juliana de Lucena Ruas Riani
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/203|Eduardo Luiz Gonçalves Rios-Neto
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/207|Aída C.G. Verdugo Lazo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/208|Mariângela Leal Cherchiglia
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/208|Augusto Afonso Guerra Júnior
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/208|Eli Iola Gurgel Andrade
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/208|Carla Jorge Machado
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/208|Francisco de Assis Acúrcio
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/208|Wagner Meira Júnior
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/208|Bruno Diniz de Paula
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/208|Odilon Vanni de Queiroz
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/210|Carlos Eugenio de Carvalho Ferreira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/211|Aloísio Joaquim Freitas Ribeiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/211|Moema Gonçalves Bueno Figoli
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/211|Diana Oya Sawyer
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/211|Cibele Comini César
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/212|Paulo de Martino Jannuzzi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/213|Rafael Perez Ribas
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/214|Ângela Borges
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/215|Lilia Montali
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/216|Anita Kon
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/217|Elisenda Rentería Pérez
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/217|Simone Wajnman
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/217|Ana Maria Hermeto Camilo de Oliveira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/218|Enrico Moreira Martignoni
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/218|Luiz Marcelo Carvano
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/218|Paulo de Martino Jannuzzi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/219|Raul Luís Assumpção Bastos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/220|Cláudio Salvadori Dedecca
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/220|Eliane Navarro Rosandiski
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/220|Carolina Veríssimo Barbieri
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/220|Adriana Jungbluth
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/221|Cristina Bruschini
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/222|Eugenia Troncoso Leone
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/222|Paulo Baltar
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/223|Maria Isabel Baltar da Rocha
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/224|Paula Miranda-Ribeiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/225|Carlos Eugenio de Carvalho Ferreira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/226|Laura L. Rodríguez Wong
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/226|José Alberto Carvalho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/227|Haroldo da Gama Torres
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/228|Humberto Prates da Fonseca Alves
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/229|Kaizô Iwakami Beltrão
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/229|Sonoe Sugahara
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/230|José Marcos Pinto da Cunha
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/231|Elzira Lúcia de Oliveira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/231|Eduardo Luiz Gonçalves Rios-Neto
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/231|Ana Maria Hermeto Camilo de Oliveira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/232|Moema Gonçalves Bueno Fígoli
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/233|Andréa Branco Simão
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/233|Paula Miranda-Ribeiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/233|André Junqueira Caetano
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/233|André Junqueira Caetano
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/233|Cibele Comini César
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/233|Cibele Comini César
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/234|Cacilda Machado
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/235|Bernadette Cunha Waldvogel
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/236|José Marcos Pinto da Cunha
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/236|Sylvain Souchaud
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/236|Rosana Baeninger
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/236|Roberto Luiz do Carmo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/239|Carlos Eugenio de Carvalho Ferreira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/240|Neide Lopes Patarra
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/240|Elisabete Dória Bilac
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/241|Elza Berquó
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/241|Maria Isabel Baltar da Rocha
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/242|Maria Coleta Ferreira Albino de Oliveira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/242|Ricardo Antônio Wanderley Tavares
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/243|George Martine
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/244|Diana Oya Sawyer
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/244|Duval Magalhães Fernandes
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/245|Luiz Antonio Pinto de Oliveira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/245|Celso Cardoso da Silva Simões
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/246|Paulo de Tarso Almeida Paiva
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/246|Simone Wajnman
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/247|Daniel Joseph Hogan
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/248|Carlos de Almeida Prado Bacellar
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/248|Ana Silvia Volpi Scott
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/248|Maria Silvia Casagrande Beozzo Bassanezi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/249|José Alberto Magno de Carvalho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/249|Fausto Brito
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/250|Eduardo Luiz Gonçalvez Rios-Neto
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/251|Carlos Eugenio de Carvalho Ferreira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/252|Mary Garcia Castro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/253|Eduardo Marandola Jr.
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/253|Daniel Joseph Hogan
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/254|Maria Célia Silva Caiado
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/255|Gustavo Henrique Naves Givisiez
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/255|Diana Oya Sawyer
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/256|Marisa Alves Lacerda
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/256|Paula Miranda-Ribeiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/256|André Junqueira Caetano
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/256|Carla Jorge Machado
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/257|Cláudia Júlia Guimarães Horta
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/257|José Alberto Magno de Carvalho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/257|Olinto José Oliveira Nogueira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/258|Lára de Melo Barbosa
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/258|Geraldo Henrique Nascimento de Melo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/262|Ricardo Alexandrino Garcia
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/262|Adriana de Miranda-Ribeiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/263|Sonia Corrêa
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/263|José Eustáquio Diniz Alves
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/264|Cássio Maldonado Turra
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/264|Bernardo Lanza Queiroz
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/265|Eliane Cristina Deckmann Fleck
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/265|Ana Paula Korndörfer
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/265|Aline Kassick Cadaviz
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/266|Carlos Eugenio de Carvalho Ferreira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/267|Elisabete Dória Bilac
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/268|Francisco Vidal Luna
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/268|Herbert S. Klein
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/269|Lilia Montali
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/270|Teresa Sales
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/270|Márcia Loureiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/271|Eduardo Magalhães Ribeiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/271|Flávia Maria Galizoni
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/271|Thiago de Paula Assis
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/272|Ricardo Alexandrino Garcia
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/272|Mauro Borges Lemos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/272|José Alberto Magno de Carvalho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/273|Ernesto Friedrich de Lima Amaral
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/273|Roberto do Nascimento Rodrigues
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/273|Moema Gonçalves Bueno Fígoli
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/274|Marcelo Côrtes Neri
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/274|Wagner Lopes Soares
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/275|Nelson Otávio Beltrão Campos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/275|Roberto do Nascimento Rodrigues
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/276|José Marcos Pinto da Cunha
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/277|Dora Isabel Paiva da Costa
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/278|Elisabete Dória Bilac
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/279|Fausto Brito
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/280|Ana Maria Hermeto Camilo de Oliveira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/280|Eduardo Luiz Gonçalves Rios-Neto
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/281|Cláudio Salvadori Dedecca
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/281|José Marcos Pinto da Cunha
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/282|André Geraldo de Moraes Simões
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/283|Ralfo Matos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/283|Rodrigo Nunes Ferreira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/284|Weber Soares
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/285|Alberto Augusto Eichman Jakob
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/286|David José Ahouagi Vaz de Magalhães
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/286|Eduardo Luiz Gonçalves Rios-Neto
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/287|Carmen Siqueira Ribeiro dos Santos Nogueira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/288|Elisabete Dória Bilac
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/289|Elisabete Dória Bilac
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/290|José Eustáquio Diniz Alves
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/290|Sônia Corrêa
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/291|Nathalie Reis Itaboraí
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/292|José Alberto Magno de Carvalho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/292|Simone Wajnman
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/292|Cláudia Júlia Guimarães Horta
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/293|Frederico Poley Martins Ferreira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/294|Márcia Milena Pivatto Serra
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/295|Lára de Melo Barbosa
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/295|Diana Oya Sawyer
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/296|Samuel Kilsztajn
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/296|Anacláudia Rossbach
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/296|Manuela Santos Nunes do Carmo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/296|Gustavo Toshiaki Lopes Sugahara
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/296|Leandro Bessa Souza
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/297|Tirza Aidar
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/298|Paula Miranda-Ribeiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/298|André Junqueira Caetano
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/299|Paula Miranda-Ribeiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/299|José Alberto Magno de Carvalho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/300|Elisabete Dória Bilac
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/301|Guaraci Adeodato Alves de Souza
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/302|José Alberto Magno de Carvalho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/302|Charles H. Wood
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/302|Flávia Cristina Drumond Andrade
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/303|Luiz A. de Castro Santos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/304|Maria Coleta Oliveira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/305|Rosely Gomes Costa
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/306|Samuel Kilsztajn
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/306|Anacláudia Rossbach
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/306|Marcelo Bozzini da Câmara
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/306|Manuela Santos Nunes do Carmo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/307|Maria Isabel Baltar da Rocha
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/308|Esther Hamburguer
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/309|Elisabete Dória Bilac
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/310|Martin Hopenhayn
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/311|Mary Garcia Castro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/311|Miriam Abramovay
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/312|Phillippe George Pereira Guimarães Leite
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/312|Denise Britz do Nascimento Silva
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/313|Jerônimo Oliveira Muniz
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/314|Nancy de Deus Vieira Silva
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/314|Ana Lúcia Kassouf
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/315|Mónica Franch
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/316|Kaizô Iwakami Beltrão
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/316|Ana Amélia Camarano
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/316|Solange Kanso
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/317|Letícia J. Marteleto
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/318|Cristiane S. Cabral
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/319|Margareth Aparecida Santini de Almeida
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/320|Luciene A. F. de B. Longo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/321|Russell Parry Scott
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/321|Marion Quadros
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/321|Márcia Longhi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/322|Rebeca de Souza e Silva
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/323|Paula Miranda-Ribeiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/323|Ann Moore
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/325|Maria Dirce Pinho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/325|Elza Berquó
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/325|Kelly Adriano Oliveira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/325|Fernanda Lopes
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/325|Luís Carlos Araújo Lima
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/325|Noeli Pereira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/326|Maria Teresa Canesin Guimarães
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/327|Elisabete Dória Bilac
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/328|Mary Garcia Castro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/329|Ana Maria Goldani
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/330|Ralfo Matos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/331|Paulo Eduardo Teixeira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/332|Ana Silvia Volpi Scott
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/333|Maria Silvia C. Beozzo Bassanezi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/333|Carlos de Almeida Prado Bacellar
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/334|Myrian Coelho Cunha da Cruz
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/334|Iúri da Costa Leite
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/335|Massimo Livi Bacci
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/336|Wilson Fusco
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/337|Pedro Jacobi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/338|Elisabete Dória Bilac
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/339|José Alberto Magno de Carvalho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/343|Maria Dolores Bombardelli Kappel
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/344|José Irineu Rangel Rigotti
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/345|Adriana de Miranda-Ribeiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/346|Cibele Comini César
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/346|José Francisco Soares
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/347|Maria Eugenia Ferrão
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/347|Kaizô Iwakami Beltrão
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/347|Cristiano Fernandes
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/347|Denis Santos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/347|Mayte Suárez
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/347|Adler do Couto Andrade
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/348|José Marcos Pinto da Cunha
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/348|José Roberto Rus Perez
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/348|Tirza Aidar
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/349|Juliana de Lucena Ruas Riani
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/350|George Martine
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/351|Paulo Murad Saad
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/352|Eduardo L.G. Rios-Neto
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/353|Elisabete Dória Bilac
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/354|Douglas Cole Libby
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/354|Clotilde Andrade Paiva
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/355|Dora Isabel Paiva da Costa
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/356|Marcelo Medeiros
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/356|Rafael G. Osório
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/357|José Alberto Magno de Carvalho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/357|José Teixeira Lopes Ribeiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/357|Maria Bernardette Araújo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/357|Cláudia Júlia Guimarães Horta
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/358|José Marcos Pinto da Cunha
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/358|Cláudio Salvadori Dedecca
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/359|José Irineu Rangel Rigotti
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/360|Paulo de Martino Jannuzzi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/361|Tamás Szmrecsányi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/362|Thompson Almeida Andrade
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/362|Rodrigo Valente Serra
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/364|Suzana Cavenaghi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/365|Humberto Prates da Fonseca Alves
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/366|Silvana Amaral
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/366|Ana Paula Dal’Asta
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/366|Newton Brigatti
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/366|Carolina Moutinho Duque de Pinho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/366|Liliam César de Castro Medeiros
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/366|Pedro Ribeiro de Andrade
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/366|Taíse F. Pinheiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/366|Pedro Assumpção Alves
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/366|Maria Isabel Sobral Escada
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/366|Antônio Miguel Vieira Monteiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/367|Álvaro de Oliveira D’Antona
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/367|Maria do Carmo Dias Bueno
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/367|Ricardo de Sampaio Dagnino
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/368|Daylin Cecilia Rodriguez Javique
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/368|Cassio M. Turra
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/368|Gabriela Marise de Oliveira Bonifácio
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/368|Simone Wajnman
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/369|Kenia Fabiana Cota Mendonça
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/369|Eduardo Magalhães Ribeiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/369|Flávia Maria Galizoni
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/369|Hélder Anjos Augusto
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/370|Cassiane da Costa
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/370|José Marcos Froehlich
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/370|Ricardo Howes Carpes
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/371|Rogério da Palma
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/371|Oswaldo Mário Serra Truzzi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/372|Ignacio Pardo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/372|Carmen Varela
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/373|Rafael Henrique Moraes Pereira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/373|Paulo A. Meyer M. Nascimento
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/373|Thiago Costa Araújo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/374|Raquel Rangel de Meireles Guimarães
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/375|Alexandre Xavier Ywata de Carvalho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/375|Camilo Rey Laureto
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/375|Marina Garcia Pena
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/375|Pedro Henrique Melo Albuquerque
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/375|Waldery Rodrigues Junior
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/376|Cláudio Santiago Dias Júnior
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/376|Cinthia Teixeira de Oliveira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/376|Ana Paula de Andrade Verona
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/376|João Luiz Pena
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/376|Marília Alfenas de Oliveira Sírio
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/376|Maria Terezinha Bahia
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/376|George Luiz Lins Machado-Coelho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/377|Ana Amélia Camarano
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/378|Ricardo Ventura Santos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/379|Douglas Sathler
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/380|Suzana Cavenaghi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/381|Tim Miller
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/381|Helena Cruz Castanheira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/382|Maira Andrade Paulo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/382|Simone Wajnman
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/382|Ana Maria Camilo Hermeto de Oliveira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/383|Rodrigo Rafael Zanon
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/383|Antonio Carlos Moretto
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/383|Rossana Lott Rodrigues
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/384|Marden Barbosa de Campos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/384|Alisson Flávio Barbieri
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/385|Francismara Fernandes Guerra
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/385|Moema Bueno Gonçalves Fígoli
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/386|Mônica Viegas Andrade
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/386|Ana Carolina Maia
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/386|Cristina Guimarães Rodrigues
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/387|Luciane Santiago Tavares
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/387|Iuri da Costa Leite
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/387|Marina Ferreira de Noronha
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/387|Roberto do Nascimento Rodrigues
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/387|Geraldo Marcelo da Cunha
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/387|Joaquim Gonçalves Valente
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/387|Joyce Mendes de Andrade Schramm
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/387|Maria de Fátima Santos Costa
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/388|Celeste de Souza Rodrigues
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/388|Rosiene Maria de Freitas
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/388|Ada Ávila Assunção
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/388|Iara Barreto Bassi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/388|Adriane Mesquita de Medeiros
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/389|Bráulio Figueiredo Alves da Silva
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/389|Claudio Chaves Beato Filho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/390|Luciana Teixeira de Andrade
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/390|Alexandre Magno Alves Diniz
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/391|Carlos Philipe Barbosa Polato
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/391|Pamila Siviero
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/391|Carla Jorge Machado
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/391|Gisele Macedo da Silva Bonfante
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/391|Eli Iola Gurgel Andrade
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/391|Francisco de Assis Acurcio
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/391|Mariângela Leal Cherchiglia
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/392|Adriane Mesquita de Medeiros
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/392|Renata Jardim
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/393|Herton Ellery Araújo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/393|Carlos Alberto Ramos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/394|Paulo de Martino Jannuzzi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/395|José Marcos Pinto da Cunha
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/396|José Teixeira Lopes Ribeiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/396|José Alberto Magno de Carvalho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/397|Sidney Antonio da Silva
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/398|René D. Decol
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/399|Maria Silvia C. Beozzo Bassanezi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/400|Marcelo Medeiros Coelho de Souza
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/401|José Marcos Pinto da Cunha
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/402|José Alberto Magno de Carvalho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/402|José Irineu Rangel Rigotti
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/403|Paulo de Martino Jannuzzi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/404|Ana Amélia Camarano
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/404|Ricardo Abramovay
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/405|Rosana Baeninger
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/406|Daniel Joseph Hogan
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/407|Alfonso Rodriguez Arias
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/408|Claudio Salvadori Dedecca
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/409|Ana Cristina Braga Martes
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/410|Luzinete Simões Minella
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/411|Laura L. Rodriguez Wong
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/411|Rita Badiani
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/411|Ines Quental
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/412|Ignez Helena Oliva Perpétuo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/413|Maria Cristina Gomes da Conceição
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/414|Morvan de Mello Moreira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/415|Moema G. Bueno Fígoli
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/416|Ana Maria Nogales Vasconcelos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/417|Hildete Pereira de Melo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/418|Elaine Rocha
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/419|Rodolpho Telarolli Junior
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/420|José Renato de Campos Araújo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/421|Judicael Clevelario Júnior
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/422|Carlos Aurélio Pimenta de Faria
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/423|Maria Silvia C. Beozzo Bassanezi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/424|David S. Reher
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/425|Maria Luiza Marcílio
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/426|Sergio Odilon Nadalin
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/427|José Flávio Motta
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/427|Iraci del Nero da Costa
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/428|Paulo Murad Saad
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/429|Maria Beatriz de Albuquerque David
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/429|Philippe Waniez
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/429|Violette Brustlein
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/430|Roberto Nascimento
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/431|Isabela Gomes Carneiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/431|Ana Amélia Camarano
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/432|Rita Badiani
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/433|Sonia Rocha
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/434|Ernesto Rodríguez Chávez
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/435|Neir Antunes Paes
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/436|Manolo Florentino
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/436|José Roberto Góes
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/437|Nelson de Castro Senra
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/438|Alessandra Silveira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/439|George Martine
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/440|René Decol
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/441|Malvina Muskat
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/442|José Alberto Magno de Carvalho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/443|Maria Stella Ferreira Levy
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/444|Maria do Rosário Rolfsen Salles
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/445|Afonso Henriques Borges Ferreira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/446|Neide Patarra
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/446|Rosana Baeninger
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/446|Lucia Maria Machado Bogus
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/447|Teresa Sales
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/448|Elisa Massae Sasaki
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/449|Aurilio Sérgio Costa Caiado
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/450|Rosana Baeninger
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/451|Neide Lopes Patarra
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/452|J. A. Lindgren Alves
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/453|Fausto Brito
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/454|Ralfo Matos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/455|José Marcos Pinto da Cunha
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/456|Ana Amélia Camarano
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/456|Kaizô Beltrão
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/457|Neir Antunes Paes
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/458|José Flávio Motta
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/459|Manolo Garcia Florentino
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/459|José Roberto Góes
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/460|Alain Bideau
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/460|Sergio Odilon Nadalin
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/461|Sergio Odilon Nadalin
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/462|Marco Aurélio Monteiro Pereira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/463|Roberto Luiz do Carmo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/463|Daniel Joseph Hogan
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/464|Elza Berquó
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/465|Laura L. Rodríguez Wong
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/466|Jorge Pozzobon
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/467|Elisabete Dória Bilac
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/468|Vania Salles
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/469|Iracema Brandão Guimarães
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/470|Vera da Silva Telles
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/471|Nadya Araujo Castro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/472|Marta Maria Azevedo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/473|Eugenia Troncoso Leone
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/474|Paulo de Martino Jannuzzi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/475|Maria Teresa A. Olinto
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/476|Ana Cristina Braga Marte
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/477|Marcio Ferreira da Silva
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/478|Charles H. Wood
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/478|José Alberto Magno de Carvalho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/479|Elza Berquó
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/480|Neide Patarra
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/481|George Martine
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/482|Maria Luiza Andreazza
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/482|Sérgio Odilon Nadalin
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/483|Maria Coleta de Oliveira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/483|Elizabete D. Bilac
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/483|Malvina Muszkat
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/484|Haroldo Torres
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/484|John Sydenstricker-Neto
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/485|Bela Feldman-Bianco
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/486|Teresa Sales
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/487|Elza Berquó
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/488|Sonia Correa
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/489|Maria Luiza Heilborn
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/490|Ignez Helena Oliva Perpétuo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/490|Simone Wajnman
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/491|Rebeca de Souza e Silva
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/492|Suzanne Serruya
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/493|Neuza Maria de Oliveira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/494|Magda de Almeida Neves
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/495|Sonia Rocha
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/496|Suzana Marta Cavenaghi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/496|Ana Maria Goldani
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/497|Alicia Marta Bercovich
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/498|Rodolpho Telarolli Junior
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/499|Mariza Corrêa  e equipe
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/500|José Marcos Pinto da Cunha
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/501|Eva Blay
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/502|Martim O. Smolka
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/503|Milena Piracchini Duchlade
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/503|Kaizô Iwakami Beltrão
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/504|Nadya Araujo Castro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/504|Vanda Sampaio de Sá Barreto
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/505|Elza Berquó
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/505|Maria Coleta F. A. de Oliveira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/506|Margaret E. Greene
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/506|Vijayendra Rao
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/507|Maria Coleta F. A. de Oliveira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/508|Donald Sawyer
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/509|Luiz Armando de Medeiros Frias
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/509|José Alberto Magno de Carvalho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/510|Rosa Ester Rossini
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/511|Martim O. Smolka
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/512|José Alberto Magno de Carvalho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/512|Cláudio Caetano Machado
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/513|Bela Feldman-Bianco
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/514|Teresa Sales
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/515|Franklin Goza
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/516|Claudio Salm
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/517|Carlos Eugenio de Carvalho Ferreira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/518|Haroldo da Gama Torres
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/519|Márcia Milena Piraccini Duchiade
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/520|Maria Stella Ferreira Levy
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/521|Teresa Sales
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/522|John M. Sydenstricker
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/522|Haroldo G. Torres
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/523|Elza Berquó
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/524|Daniel Joseph Hogan
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/525|Luiz Armando de Medeiros Frias
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/525|Juarez de Castro Oliveira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/526|Paulo Roberto Curi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/527|George Martine
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/528|Maria Cristina Bruschini
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/529|Ellen E. Hardy
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/529|Juan Díaz
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/529|Teresinha M. Moraes
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/530|Lúcia Mayumi Yazaki
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/531|Sonia Regina Perillo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/532|Leila da Costa Ferreira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/533|Lúcia Mayumi Yazaki
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/534|Leticia B. Costa
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/535|Jorge Jatobá
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/536|José Alberto Magno de Carvalho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/537|Isaac Kerstenetzky
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/538|André Cézar Médici
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/539|Ana Amélia Camarano
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/540|Alfonso Rodrigues Árias
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/540|Sônia Helena Taveira de Camargo Cordeiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/541|Carmen Arretx
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/541|Jorge L. Somoza
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/542|Morvan de Mello Moreira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/543|Ana Maria Lugão Rios
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/544|Rebeca de Souza e Silva
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/545|Suzana Pasternak Taschner
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/546|Klaas Woortmann
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/547|Luis Patrício Ortiz
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/548|Mario F. G. Monteiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/549|Elza Berquó
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/550|Alexandre Kalache
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/551|Elisabete Dória Bilac
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/552|Ceci Vilar Noronha
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/552|Greice Maria de Souza Menezes
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/552|Sebastião Loureiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/552|Maria Ines Costa Dourado
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/553|Cecília Rabell
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/554|Elza Berquó
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/555|Herbert S. Klein
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/556|Diana Oya Sawyer
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/556|Francisco Martin Castilla
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/557|Kaizô Iwakami Beltrão
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/557|Hélio dos Santos Migon
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/558|Rosana Catelli
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/559|Iraci del Nero da Costa
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/560|Rolando Lazarte
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/561|Anita Kon
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/562|Cristina Bruschini
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/563|Maria Coleta F. A. Oliveira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/564|Carmen Barroso
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/567|Alicia M. Bercovich
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/568|Paulo Paiva
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/569|Hélio Moura
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/570|Eni de Mesquita Samara
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/570|Maria Silvia C. Beozzo Bassanezi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/570|Nelson Hideiki Nozoe
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/571|Luiz Antonio de Castro Santos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/572|Cláudio Caetano Machado
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/572|Raph Hakkert
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/573|Maria Isabel Baltar da Rocha
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/574|Neide L. Patarra
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/574|Rosana Baeninger
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/575|Sérgio Odilon Nadalin
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/576|Altiva Pilatti Balhana
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/577|Mary Garcia Castro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/578|Denise Maldi Meireles
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/579|Ellen F. Woortmann
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/580|George Martine
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/580|Alfonso R. Arias
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/581|José Flávio Motta
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/582|Tania Dauster
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/583|Carlos Eugenio de C. Ferreira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/584|Laura Rodriguez Wong
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/585|Cheywa Rojza Spindel
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/586|George Martine
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/586|Alfonso R. Arias
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/587|José Marcos Pinto da Cunha
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/588|Letícia B. Costa
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/589|Ivonete Batista Xavier
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/590|Cesar G. Victora
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/590|J. Patrick Vaughan
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/591|Paulo Paiva
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/592|Neide Patarra
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/593|Elza Berquó
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/594|Axel Mundigo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/595|José Alberto Magno de Carvalho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/596|Eramis Bueno
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/597|Raul Benitez Zenteno
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/598|ABEP _abep
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/599|Ansley J. Coale
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/600|Mercedes Concepción
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/601|Axel Mundigo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/602|Carmen A. Miró
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/603|Elza Berquó
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/604|Carlos Eugenio de C. Ferreira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/604|Luis Patricio Ortiz Flores
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/605|Alain Bideau
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/606|Ana Amélia Camarano
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/607|Ralph Hakkert
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/608|Rogelio E. Fernandez
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/608|José Alberto Magno de Carvalho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/609|Susana Pasternak Taschner
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/609|Lucia Maria Machado Bogus
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/610|George Martine
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/610|Vilmar Evangelista Faria
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/611|Guaraci Adeodato Alves de Souza
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/612|Maria Coleta F. A. de Oliveira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/612|Felícia R Madeira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/613|Paulo de Tarso A. Paiva
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/614|Ivete Ribeiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/615|R. Parry Scott
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/616|Ana Maria Canesqui
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/617|Elza Berquó
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/617|Alicia M. Bercovich
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/618|Geraldo Muller
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/619|Letícia B. Costa
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/620|Sonia Maria Giacomini
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/621|Zulmara Clara Sauner Posse
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/622|Altiva Pilatti Balhana
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/623|Violeta Refkalefsky Loureiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/624|Daniel Hogan
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/625|Jane Souto de Oliveira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/626|José Alberto Magno de Carvalho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/627|Laura L. Rodriguez Wong
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/628|Maria Coleta F. A. de Oliveira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/629|Rubens Murillo Marques
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/630|Paulo Paiva
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/630|José Alberto Magno de Carvalho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/631|Ivany Câmara Neiva
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/632|Fundação Seade
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/638|Suzana Cavenaghi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/639|Cristiano Machado Costa
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/639|José Guilherme Cardoso Correa
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/640|Elzira Lúcia de Oliveira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/640|Eduardo Gonçalves Rios-Neto
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/640|Ana Maria Hermeto Camilo de Oliveira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/642|Maira Covre-Sussai
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/643|Raquel Zanatta Coutinho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/643|André Braz Golgher
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/644|Ana Paula A. Verona
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/644|Mark Regnerus
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/645|Norberto Lanza
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/645|Claudia Valeggia
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/646|Fábio Augusto Scarpim
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/647|Sênia Bastos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/647|Maria do Rosário Rolfsen Salles
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/648|Roberto Luiz do Carmo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/648|Ricardo de Sampaio Dagnino
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/648|Igor Cavallini Johansen
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/649|Julia Corrêa Côrtes
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/649|Álvaro de Oliveira D’Antona
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/650|Mirela Castro Santos Camargos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/651|José Eustáquio Diniz Alves
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/652|George Martine
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/653|Tiago Carlos Lima do Nascimento
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/653|Ricardo Ojima
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/654|Raquel Zanatta Coutinho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/666|Suzana Cavenaghi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/667|Luana Junqueira Dias Myrrha
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/667|Pamila Cristina Lima Siviero
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/667|Simone Wajnman
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/667|Cássio M. Turra
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/668|Raquel Rangel de Meireles Guimarães
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/670|Carl P. Schmertmann
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/671|André Junqueira Caetano
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/672|Raquel Zanatta Coutinho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/672|Paula Miranda-Ribeiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/673|Gabrielle A, Palermo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/673|Denise Britz do Nascimento Silva
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/673|Maria Salet Ferreira Novellino
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/677|Luciana Castaneda
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/677|Shamyr Sulyvan de Castro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/677|Ligia Bahia
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/678|Pablo Sebastián Gómez
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/678|Eduardo Bologna
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/679|Vinicius Gaspar Garcia
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/679|Alexandre Gori Maia
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/680|Ricardo Antunes Dantas de Oliveira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/681|Elza S. Berquó
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/681|Suzana M. Cavenaghi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/682|César Marques
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/683|José Eustáquio Diniz Alves
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/683|Miguel Antônio Pinho Bruno
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/691|Suzana Cavenaghi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/692|Nilton Cezar Pereira Pinto
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/693|Elaine Meire Vilela
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/693|Daniela Portella Sampaio
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/694|Gabriel Escanés
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/695|María José Vilalta
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/696|Rafael Henrique Moraes Pereira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/696|Carlos Henrique Ribeiro de Carvalho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/696|Pedro Herculano G. Ferreira de Souza
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/696|Ana Amelia Camarano
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/697|Fernanda Fortes de Lena
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/697|Ana Maria Hermeto Camilo de Oliveira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/698|Reinaldo Onofre dos Santos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/698|Alisson Flávio Barbieri
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/699|Pedro Herculano Guimarães Ferreira de Souza
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/700|Susana Villas-Boas
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/700|Albertina L. Oliveira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/700|Natália Ramos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/700|Inmaculada Montero
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/701|Ricardo Ojima
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/711|Suzana Cavenaghi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/712|Carlos Lobo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/712|Ralfo Matos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/712|Leandro Cardoso
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/712|Lídia Comini
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/712|Guilherme Pinto
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/713|Rodrigo Coelho de Carvalho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/713|José Irineu Rangel Rigotti
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/714|Ana Carolina Soares Bertho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/714|Tirza Aidar
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/715|Laura Débora Acosta
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/715|Enrique Peláez
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/716|Antonio Otaviano Vieira Junior
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/716|Roberta Sauaia Martins
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/717|Lucilena Ferraz Castanheira Corrêa
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/717|João Policarpo Rodrigues Lima
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/717|Luís Henrique Romani de Campos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/718|Mateus de Carvalho Reis Neves
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/718|Marcos Falcão Gonçalves
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/718|João Eustáquio de Lima
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/719|Leonardo Freire de Mello
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/719|Douglas Sathler
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/720|Clovis Ultramari
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/720|Manoela Massuchetto Jazar
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/721|Tania Di Giacomo do Lago
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/722|Raquel Zanatta Coutinho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/722|Juliana Vasconcelos de Souza Barros
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/722|Angelita Alves de Carvalho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/723|César Marques
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/723|Ana Carolina Soares Bertho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/734|Suzana Cavenaghi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/735|Douglas Sathler
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/735|César Marques
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/736|George Martine
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/736|José Eustáquio Diniz Alves
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/738|Alisson F. Barbieri
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/738|Gilvan R. Guedes
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/738|Kenya Noronha
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/738|Bernardo L. Queiroz
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/738|Edson P. Domingues
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/738|José Irineu R. Rigotti
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/738|Glaucia P. da Motta
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/738|Flavia Chein
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/738|Francisco Cortezzi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/738|Ulisses E. Confalonieri
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/738|Kenia de Souza
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/739|Cristina Guimarães Rodrigues
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/739|Evangelina da Motta Pacheco Araújo Vormittag
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/739|Julia Affonso Cavalcante
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/739|Paulo Hilário Nascimento Saldiva
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/740|Glauco Umbelino
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/740|Clodoveu Davis Jr.
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/743|Luciana de Resende Londe
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/743|Victor Marchezini
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/743|Rodrigo Silva da Conceição
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/743|Katia Cristina Bortoletto
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/743|Ana Elisa Pereira Silva
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/743|Elisa Volker dos Santos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/743|Regina Tortorella Reani
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/744|Álvaro de Oliveira D’Antona
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/744|Ricardo de Sampaio Dagnino
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/744|Maria do Carmo Dias Bueno
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/745|José Eustáquio Diniz Alves
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/746|Landy Sánchez Peña
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/747|Susana B. Adamo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/748|Douglas Sathler
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/748|Susana B. Adamo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/748|Everton E. C. Lima
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/749|George Martine
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/750|Ricardo Ojima
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/756|Leonardo Gomes de Sousa
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/756|Dimitri Fazito
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/764|Luciano Tavares Duarte
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/764|Denise Britz do Nascimento Silva
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/764|Jose Andre de Moura Brito
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/770|Cristiano Sathler dos Reis
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/770|Kenya Noronha
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/770|Simone Wajnman
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/779|Marcos Roberto Gonzaga
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/779|Carl Paul Schmertmann
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/794|Sergio Almeida
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/794|Paula Pereda
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/794|Rafael Ferreira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/809|Suzana Cavenaghi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/810|Francismara Fernandes Guerra
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/810|Simone Wajnman
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/810|Cássio M. Turra
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/811|Thiago Dumont Oliveira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/811|André Braz Golgher
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/811|Pedro Mendes Loureiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/812|Maira Covre-Sussai
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/813|Cristiane Silva Corrêa
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/813|Bernardo Lanza Queiroz
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/813|Dimitri Fazito
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/814|José Marcos Pinto da Cunha
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/815|Gisele Maria Ribeiro de Almeida
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/815|Rosana Baeninger
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/816|Mariana Vieira Martins de Matos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/816|Pedro Luis do Nascimento Silva
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/817|Jean Agustin Velásquez Piñas
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/817|Osvaldo Jose Venturini
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/817|Electo Eduardo Silva Lora
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/817|Michele Aparecida de Oliveira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/817|Orly Denisse Calle Roalcaba
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/818|Suzana M. Cavenaghi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/818|José Eustáquio Diniz Alves
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/820|Raquel Zanatta Coutinho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/822|Wanda Cabella
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/822|Ignacio Pardo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/826|Luana Passos De Souza
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/826|Fábio Domingues Waltenberg
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/837|João Carlos Jarochinski Silva
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/837|Lucia Maria Machado Bógus
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/837|Stéfanie Angélica Gimenez Jarochinski Silva
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/847|Angela Segura Cardona
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/847|Maria Garzón Duque
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/847|Doris Cardona Arango
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/847|Alejandra Segura Cardona
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/870|Laís Gonzales de Oliveira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/873|Sidney Antonio da Silva
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/886|Cedric Audebert
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/887|Rosana Baeninger
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/887|Roberta Peres
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/889|Rosana Baeninger
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/890|Lara de Melo Barbosa
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/890|Kenya Noronha
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/890|Maria Helena Constantino Spyrides
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/890|Cristiane Alessandra Domingos de Araújo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/897|Maria Carolina Tomas
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/910|Ansu Mancal
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/910|Patrícia Verônica Pinheiro Sales Lima
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/910|Ahmad Saeed Khan
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/910|Maria Irles de Oliveira Mayorga
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/917|Daniela Florêncio Silva
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/927|Mário Moreira Carvalho de Oliveira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/927|Milton Ramos Ramirez
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/927|Ricardo Milton Frischtak
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/927|Rafael Brandão de Rezende Borges
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/927|Bruno Costa
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/927|Ricardo Cunha Pedroso
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/928|Jorge Mora-Rivera
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/928|Marlen Martínez Domínguez
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/928|José Luis Jaramillo Villanueva
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/928|María de los Ángeles Chávez Alvarado
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/935|Marcelo Gomes Ribeiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/936|Walcir Soares da Silva Junior
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/936|Flávio de Oliveira Gonçalves
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/937|Alessandra Traldi Simoni
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/937|Ricardo de Sampaio Dagnino
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/938|Marcio Silva
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/939|Nilza de Oliveira Martins Pereira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/944|Rosângela Morello
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/960|Luciene Guimarães de Souza
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/960|Silvia Angela Gugelmin
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/960|Barbara Coelho Barbosa da Cunha
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/960|Marina Atanaka
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/961|Laura L. Rodríguez Wong
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/962|Marden Barbosa de Campos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/962|Bárbara Roberto Estanislau
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/963|Rosanna Dent
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/964|Santiago J. Molina
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/968|Luciene Aparecida Ferreira de Barros Longo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/968|Luciane Ouriques Ferreira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/968|Marta Maria do Amaral Azevedo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/970|Suzana Cavenaghi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/971|Ricardo Ventura Santos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/983|Carlos de Almeida Prado Bacellar
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/985|Pedro Henrique de Castro Simões
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/985|José Eustáquio Diniz Alves
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/985|Pedro Luis do Nascimento Silva
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/986|Suzana Cavenaghi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/992|Luiz Carlos Day Gama
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/992|Ana Maria Hermeto
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1001|Carlos Lobo
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1001|Leandro Cardoso
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1001|Ivânia Linhares de Almeida
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1001|Ricardo Alexandrino Garcia
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1003|Roberta Giannubilo Stumpf
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1004|Sérgio Odilon Nadalin
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1004|Dario Scott
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1006|Luciano Costa Gomes
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1009|Antonia da Silva Mota
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1009|Maísa Faleiros da Cunha
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1012|Dayane Julia Carvalho Dias
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1012|Carmen Margarida Oliveira Alveal
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1016|Luciana Conceição de Lima
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1016|Dayane Julia Carvalho Dias
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1016|Luana Junqueira Dias Myrrha
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1017|André Augusto da Fonseca
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1020|Paulo Teodoro Matos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1027|Ana Silvia Volpi Scott
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1028|Álvaro de Oliveira D'Antona
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1030|Paulo Eduardo Teixeira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1031|Dario Scott
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1034|Roberta Guerra Rosemback
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1034|José Irineu Rangel Rigotti
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1034|Flávia da Fonseca Feitosa
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1034|Antônio Miguel Vieira Monteiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1049|Lúcia Helena Pereira da Silva
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1050|Catarina Reis Oliveira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1050|João Peixoto
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1050|Pedro Góis
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1055|Duval Fernandes
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1055|Andressa Virgínia de Faria
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1073|Gilvan Ramalho Guedes
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1073|Alisson Barbieri
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1073|Reinaldo Santos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1073|Vanessa Ferreira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1075|Maísa Faleiros Cunha
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1076|Maria Silvia Casagrande Beozzo Bassanezi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1082|Antonio Tadeu Ribeiro de Oliveira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1083|Luiz Antonio de Castro Santos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1083|Lina Faria
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1083|Rafael Andrés Patiño
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1086|Massimo Livi Bacci
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1096|Simone Wajnman
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1097|Gisela P. Zapata
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1097|Gilvan Guedes
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1102|Marden Campos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1103|Svetlana Ruseishvili
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1106|Vanessa Gapriotti Nadalin
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1106|Bernardo Alves Furtado
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1106|Matheus Rabetti
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1113|Raquel Zanatta Coutinho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1113|Andre Braz Golgher
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1130|Rafael Mesquita Pereira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1130|Maria Cristina Galvão
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1130|Henrique dos Santos Maxir
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1136|Angelita Alves de Carvalho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1136|Laura Rodriguez Wong
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1136|Paula Miranda-Ribeiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1140|Lucas Campos Amaro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1140|Luís Eduardo Afonso
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1147|Daniela Mía Campos Ugaz
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1150|Carola Leticia Bertone
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1150|Víctor Eduardo Torres
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1150|Marcos Javier Andrada
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1152|Emerson Augusto Baptista
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1152|Bernardo Lanza Queiroz
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1152|José Irineu Rangel Rigotti
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1160|Simone Wajnman
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1161|Ana Silvia Volpi Scott
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1161|Paulo Teodoro de Matos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1170|Bernardo Lanza Queiroz
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1170|Nicolas Sacco
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1172|Maria Izilda Santos Matos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1172|Oswaldo Truzzi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1172|Carla Fernandes Conceição
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1174|Felipe dos Santos Martins
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1174|Danielle Carusi Machado
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1180|Nicolás Sacco
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1180|Gabriel Borges
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1181|Paulo de Martino Jannuzzi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1189|José Alberto Magno de Carvalho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1189|Guilherme Quaresma Gonçalves
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1189|Luciano Gonçalves de Castro e Silva
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1215|Jeronimo Oliveira Muniz
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1219|Bráulio Figueiredo Alves Silva
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1219|Bernardo Lanza Queiroz
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1219|Frederico Couto Marinho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1219|Fabiano Neves Alves Pereira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1219|Pedro Cisalpino
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1220|Luiza Veloso Dutra
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1220|Dayane de Castro Morais
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1220|Ricardo Henrique Silva Santos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1220|Sylvia do Carmo Castro Franceschini
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1220|Silvia Eloiza Priore
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1242|Sarah Anne Reynolds
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1243|Claudio Santiago Dias Jr
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1243|Ana Paula Verona
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1252|Renata Maciel Ribeiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1252|Silvana Amaral
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1252|Antônio Miguel Vieira Monteiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1252|Ana Paula Dal'Asta
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1254|Helena Nobre de Oliveira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1254|César Augusto Marques da Silva
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1254|Antonio Tadeu Ribeiro de Oliveira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1255|José Alberto Magno de Carvalho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1255|Járvis Campos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1255|José Irineu Rangel Rigotti
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1255|Breno Aloísio Torres Duarte de Pinho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1265|Reinaldo Onofre Santos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1265|Guilherme Quaresma Gonçalves
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1271|Samara Lauar Santos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1271|Cássio Turra
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1271|Kenya Noronha
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1280|Ana Luiza Neves de Holanda Barbosa
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1286|Julia Sbroglio Rizzotto
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1286|Marco Tulio Aniceto França
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1286|Gustavo Saraiva Frio
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1289|Marco Aurélio Machado de Oliveira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1295|Sérgio Odilon Nadalin
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1299|Matheus Alves Albino
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1299|Renato Leite Marcondes
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1303|Flavia Maria Galizoni
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1303|Eduardo Magalhães Ribeiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1307|Gilvan Teles Barroso Junior
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1307|Ana Carolina Soares Bertho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1307|Alinne de Carvalho Veiga
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1317|George Martine
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1317|Jose Eustaquio Alves
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1328|Maria Silvia Beozzo Bassanezi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1328|Maisa Faleiros Cunha
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1339|Camila Fernanda Bassetto
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1349|Cristina Donza Cancela
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1351|Ernesto Friedrich de Lima Amaral
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1351|Camilo Vladimir de Lima Amaral
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1352|Rodrigo Coelho de Carvalho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1352|Elin Charles-Edwards
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1354|Claudia Ayer Noronha
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1354|Elaine Vilela
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1354|Marden Campos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1357|Simone Wajnman
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1358|Gilvan Guedes
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1359|Simone Wajnman
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1362|Caroline Carvalho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1362|Guilherme Irffi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1364|Adriana Miranda-Ribeiro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1364|Ricardo Alexandrino Garcia
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1364|Tereza Cristina de Azevedo Bernardes Faria
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1373|Oswaldo Truzzi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1380|Ricardo Neupert
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1380|Rogelio Eduardo Fernandez Menjivar
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1380|Rogelio Eduardo Fernandez Castilla
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1382|Graciele Pereira Guedes
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1382|Elisa Monçores
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1389|Leonardo Souza Silveira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1389|Maria Carolina Tomas
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1418|Janaína Guiginski
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1418|Simone Wajnman
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1432|Clauber Scherer
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1432|Pedro Vasconcelos Maia do Amaral
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1432|David Folch
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1435|Andrea Branco Simão
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1443|Reinaldo Onofre Santos
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1443|Alisson Flávio Barbieri
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1450|Pamila Cristina Lima Siviero
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1450|Larissa  Gonçalves de Souza
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1450|Carla  Jorge Machado
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1458|Monica Viegas Andrade
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1458|Kenya Noronha
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1458|Cláudia  Di Lorenzo Oliveira
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1458|Clareci Silva Cardoso
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1458|Júlia Almeida Calazans
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1458|Nayara Abreu Julião
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1458|Aline de Souza
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1458|Patrícia  Aguiar Tavares
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1461|Guilherme Quaresma Gonçalves
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1461|José Alberto Magno de Carvalho
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1461|Laura Lídia  Rodríguez Wong
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1461|Cássio Maldonado Turra
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1462|Larissa Giardini Simões
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1462|Ana Maria Hermeto
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1464|Andrea Fernand Jubithana
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1464|Bernardo Lanza Queiroz
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1473|José Eustáquio Diniz Alves
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1474|Suzana Cavenaghi
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1474|José Eustáquio Diniz Alves
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1479|Donald Sawyer
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1490|Flávia  Rodrigues de Castro
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1490|Carolina Moulin
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1492|Pamila Cristina Lima Siviero
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1500|George Martine
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1501|Richarlls Martins
https://rebep.org.br/revista/article/view/1543|Paula Miranda-Ribeiro
